chore(max): Taxonomy search docs (#36376)
PostHog/posthog: ee/hogai/README.md

    - Add test cases in `test/test_format.py` for your new formatter
    - Ensure tests cover both successful execution and error handling

### Taxonomy Agent

> Build small, focused ReAct-style agents that browse the product taxonomy (events, entity properties, event properties) and produce a structured answer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build small, focused agentic RAG-style agents that browse the team's taxonomy (events, entity properties, event properties) and produce a structured answer.
```

#### Quickstart

1. Define your structured output (what the agent must return):

```python
from pydantic import BaseModel

class MaxToolTaxonomyOutput(BaseModel):
    # The schema that the agent should return as a response
    # See an example: from posthog.schema import MaxRecordingUniversalFilters
```

2. Create a toolkit and add a typed `final_answer` tool (optional: change output formatting to YAML):

```python
from ee.hogai.graph.taxonomy.toolkit import TaxonomyAgentToolkit
from ee.hogai.graph.taxonomy.tools import base_final_answer
from posthog.models import Team

class YourToolkit(TaxonomyAgentToolkit):
    def __init__(self, team: Team):
        super().__init__(team)

>     def _get_custom_tools(self) -> list:

Reviewer: Maybe worth adding an example with a completely custom tool, like "echo" or "get_weather"

Author: Doing that! Thanks!

        class final_answer(base_final_answer[MaxToolTaxonomyOutput]):

>             __doc__ = base_final_answer.__doc__ # Inherit from the base final answer or create your own.

Reviewer: Can't we move it outside the body?

Author: Will put at the top level since I am adding one more tool there anyway.
